The first day of junior high school
The first day of junior high school is not good for my sister
My sister can't accompany you anymore
Sister Qing'er is
Are you talking to me?
Grandpa grandpa
Sister is awake
What woke up
But your seven-star lamp is still two hours away from ending.
Your grandfather doesn't care what time he is
Wake up is wake up
Brother Long is still talking to me
Sadness
Selling insurance is the main thing
Li Xing is still early
Impossible, he
He clearly spoke to me just now
That's what you're thinking about.
Sleep and dream
Just a dream
Then I'll keep waiting.
Anyway, there are only two hour hands left
I don't think this seven-star lamp will go out either.
He will wake up
fine
What's the matter
He's about to wake up in two hours
It's hard
How can humans force it?
You have a lot of momentum
You must have a way
Do you know
Liu Xianling is three gold
If comfortable
You're still ready to send him on his way